README.md, before:

>**Note**: Please **fork** the current Udacity repository so that you will have a **remote** repository in **your** Github account. Clone the remote repository to your local machine. Later, as a part of the project "Post your Work on Github", you will push your proposed changes to the remote repository in your Github account.

### Date created
12/26/2021

### Project Title
Explore US Bikeshare Data

### Description
This python script is used to analyze U.S. bikeshare data interactively. The user can choose the data to use and apply month and day filter to analyze.

### Files used
The following files are needed to execute this script:

| File | Description |
| ----- | ----------- |
| **bikeshare.py** | The source code|
| **chicago.csv** | File containing Chicago Bikeshare data |
| **washington.csv** | File containing Washington Bikeshare data |
| **new_york_city.csv** | File containing New York City Bikeshare data|

### Credits
The following sources were consulted for this project:

- [Pandas DatatimeIndex documentation](https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/reference/api/pandas.DatetimeIndex.html)

- [Python datetime library documentation](https://docs.python.org/3/library/datetime.html#examples-of-usage-timedelta)

Commit message:

Add installations section to README.md.

README.md, after:

>**Note**: Please **fork** the current Udacity repository so that you will have a **remote** repository in **your** Github account. Clone the remote repository to your local machine. Later, as a part of the project "Post your Work on Github", you will push your proposed changes to the remote repository in your Github account.

### Date created
12/26/2021

### Project Title
Explore US Bikeshare Data

## Installations

To run this code, Python 3 is needed with Pandas and Numpy packages installed. 

### Description
This python script is used to analyze U.S. bikeshare data interactively. The user can choose the data to use and apply month and day filter to analyze.

### Files used
The following files are needed to execute this script:

| File | Description |
| ----- | ----------- |
| **bikeshare.py** | The source code|
| **chicago.csv** | File containing Chicago Bikeshare data |
| **washington.csv** | File containing Washington Bikeshare data |
| **new_york_city.csv** | File containing New York City Bikeshare data|

### Credits
The following sources were consulted for this project:

- [Pandas DatatimeIndex documentation](https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/reference/api/pandas.DatetimeIndex.html)

- [Python datetime library documentation](https://docs.python.org/3/library/datetime.html#examples-of-usage-timedelta)
